fix(core): Align SENTRY_ENVIRONMENT/RELEASE/DIST in JS bundled options with native SDKs (#6330)
getsentry/sentry-react-native: CHANGELOG.md

### Fixes

> - Apply `SENTRY_ENVIRONMENT`, `SENTRY_RELEASE` and `SENTRY_DIST` build-time overrides to the JS bundled options to match the native SDKs ([#6329](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-react-native/issues/6329))

Author: ```suggestion
- Apply `SENTRY_ENVIRONMENT`, `SENTRY_RELEASE` and `SENTRY_DIST` build-time overrides to the JS bundled options to match the native SDKs ([#6330](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-react-native/pull/6330))
```
